What a nice day today, oops.
What's going on here?
I don't know either, Your Majesty
Suddenly feel dizzy
Come up
It's rare for you to go out for a walk
Wouldn't it be my sin if I disturbed you?
Why don't you invite the imperial doctor to come and see Miss Yao?
absolutely not!
The courtiers have no name in the palace
How can you call the Great Hospital to see the doctor? No name, no place
It seems that his appearance is not accidental, it may be
This hospital is not just for royal torture
There's no etiquette.
I see.
The minister and the woman can go to the Imperial Hospital to see the disease by themselves
So as not to disturb the elegance of the emperor and the empress
Oh, dear.